....
## Warning: package 'dplyr' was built under R version 3.5.2
....

[[overlapping-points]]
Handling overlapping points
---------------------------

When we want to visualize large or very large datasets, we often
experience the challenge that simple _x_--_y_ scatter plots do not work
very well because many points lie on top of each other and partially or
fully overlap. And similar problems can arise even in small datasets if
data values were recorded with low precision or rounded, such that
multiple observations have exactly the same numeric values. The
technical term commonly used to describe this situation is
"overplotting", i.e., plotting many points on top of each other. Here I
describe several strategies you can pursue when encountering this
challenge.

[[partial-transparency-and-jittering]]
Partial transparency and jittering
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We first consider a scenario with only a moderate number of data points
but with extensive rounding. Our dataset contains fuel economy during
city driving and engine displacement for 234 popular car models released
between 1999 and 2008 (Figure @ref(fig:mpg-cty-displ-solid)). In this
dataset, fuel economy is measured in miles per gallon (mpg) and is
rounded to the nearest integer value. Engine displacement is measured in
liters and is rounded to the nearest deciliter. Due to this rounding,
many car models have exactly identical values. For example, there are 21
cars total with 2.0 liter engine displacement, and as a group they have
only four different fuel economy values, 19, 20, 21, or 22 mpg.
Therefore, in Figure @ref(fig:mpg-cty-displ-solid) these 21 cars are
represented by only four distinct points, so that 2.0 liter engines
appear much less popular than they actually are. Moreover, the dataset
contains two four-wheel drive cars with 2.0 liter engines, which are
represented by black dots. However, these black dots are fully occluded
by yellow dots, so that it looks like there are no four-wheel drive cars
with a 2.0 liter engine.

(ref:mpg-cty-displ-solid) City fuel economy versus engine displacement,
for popular cars released between 1999 and 2008. Each point represents
one car. The point color encodes the drive train: front-wheel drive
(FWD), rear-wheel drive (RWD), or four-wheel drive (4WD). The figure is
labeled "bad" because many points are plotted on top of others and
obscure them.

(#fig:mpg-cty-displ-solid)(ref:mpg-cty-displ-solid)

One way to ameliorate this problem is to use partial transparency. If we
make individual points partially transparent, then overplotted points
appear as darker points and thus the shade of the points reflects the
density of points in that location of the graph (Figure
@ref(fig:mpg-cty-displ-transp)).

(ref:mpg-cty-displ-transp) City fuel economy versus engine displacement.
Because points have been made partially transparent, points that lie on
top of other points can now be identified by their darker shade.

(#fig:mpg-cty-displ-transp)(ref:mpg-cty-displ-transp)

However, making points partially transparent is not always sufficient to
solve the issue of overplotting. For example, even though we can see in
Figure @ref(fig:mpg-cty-displ-transp) that some points have a darker
shade than others, it is difficult to estimate how many points were
plotted on top of each other in each location. In addition, while the
differences in shading are clearly visible, they are not
self-explanatory. A reader who sees this figure for the first time will
likely wonder why some points are darker than others and will not
realize that those points are in fact multiple points stacked on top of
each other. A simple trick that helps in this situation is to apply a
small amount of jitter to the points, i.e., to displace each point
randomly by a small amount in either the _x_ or the _y_ direction or
both. With jitter, it is immediately apparent that the darker areas
arise from points that are plotted on top of each other (Figure
@ref(fig:mpg-cty-displ-jitter)). Also, now, for the first time the black
dots representing four-wheel drive cars with 2.0 liter engines are
clearly visible.

(ref:mpg-cty-displ-jitter) City fuel economy versus engine displacement.
By adding a small amount of jitter to each point, we can make the
overplotted points more clearly visible without substantially distorting
the message of the plot.

(#fig:mpg-cty-displ-jitter)(ref:mpg-cty-displ-jitter)

One downside of jittering is that it does change the data and therefore
has to be performed with care. If we jitter too much, we end up placing
points in locations that are not representative of the underlying
dataset. The result is a misleading visualization of the data. See
Figure @ref(fig:mpg-cty-displ-jitter-extreme) as an example.

(ref:mpg-cty-displ-jitter-extreme) City fuel economy versus engine
displacement. By adding too much jitter to the points, we have created a
visualization that does not accurately reflect the underlying dataset.

(#fig:mpg-cty-displ-jitter-extreme)(ref:mpg-cty-displ-jitter-extreme)

[[d-histograms]]
2D histograms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When the number of individual points gets very large, partial
transparency (with or without jittering) will not be sufficient to
resolve the overplotting issue. What will typically happen is that areas
with high point density will appear as uniform blobs of dark color while
in areas with low point density the individual points are barely visible
(Figure @ref(fig:nycflights-points)). And changing the transparency
level of individual points will either ameliorate one or the other of
these problems while worsening the other; no transparency setting can
address both at the same time.

(ref:nycflights-points) Departure delay in minutes versus the flight
departure time, for all flights departing Newark airport (EWR) in 2013.
Each dot represents one departure.

(#fig:nycflights-points)(ref:nycflights-points)

Figure @ref(fig:nycflights-points) shows departure delays for over
100,000 individual flights, with each dot representing one flight
departure. Even though we have made the individual dots fairly
transparent, the majority of them just forms a black band between 0 and
300 minutes departure delay. This band obscures whether most flights
depart approximately on time or with substantial delay (say 50 minutes
or more). At the same time, the most delayed flights (with delays of 400
minutes or more) are barely visible due to the transparency of the dots.

In such cases, instead of plotting individual points, we can make a 2D
histogram. A 2D histogram is conceptually similar to a 1D histogram as
discussed in Chapter @ref(histograms-density-plots), but now we bin the
data in two dimensions. We subdivide the entire _x_--_y_ plane into
small rectangles, count how many observations fall into each one, and
then color the rectangles by that count. Figure
@ref(fig:nycflights-2d-bins) shows the result of this approach for the
departure-delay data. This visualization clearly highlights several
important features of the flight-departure data. First, the vast
majority of departures during the day (6am to about 9pm) actually depart
without delay or even early (negative delay). However, a modest number
of departures has a substantial delay. Moreover, the later a plane
departs in the day the more of a delay it can have. Importantly, the
departure time is the actual time of departure, not the scheduled time
of departure. So this figure does not necessarily tell us that planes
scheduled to depart early never experience delay. What it does tell us,
though, is that if a plane departs early it either has little delay or,
in very rare cases, a delay of around 900 minutes.

(ref:nycflights-2d-bins) Departure delay in minutes versus the flight
departure time. Each colored rectangle represents all flights departing
at that time with that departure delay. Coloring represents the number
of flights represented by that rectangle.

(#fig:nycflights-2d-bins)(ref:nycflights-2d-bins)

As an alternative to binning the data into rectangle, we can also bin
into hexagons. This approach, first proposed by @Carr-et-al-1987, has
the advantage that the points in a hexagon are, on average, closer to
the hexagon center than the points in an equal-area square are to the
center of the square. Therefore, the colored hexagon represents the data
slightly more accurately than the colored rectangle does. Figure
@ref(fig:nycflights-hex-bins) shows the flight departure data with
hexagon binning rather than rectangular binning.

(ref:nycflights-hex-bins) Departure delay in minutes versus the flight
departure time. Each colored hexagon represents all flights departing at
that time with that departure delay. Coloring represents the number of
flights represented by that hexagon.

(#fig:nycflights-hex-bins)(ref:nycflights-hex-bins)

[[contour-lines]]
Contour lines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Instead of binning data points into rectangles or hexagons, we can also
estimate the point density across the plot area and indicate regions of
different point densities with contour lines. This technique works well
when the point density changes slowly across both the _x_ and the _y_
dimensions.

As an example for this approach, we return to the blue jays dataset from
Chapter @ref(visualizing-associations). Figure
@ref(fig:blue-jays-scatter) showed the relationship between head length
and body mass for 123 blue jays, and there was some amount of overlap
among the points. We can highlight the distribution of points more
clearly by making the points smaller and partially transparent and
plotting them on top of contour lines that delineate regions of similar
point density (Figure @ref(fig:blue-jays-contour)). We can further
enhance the perception of changes in the point density by shading the
regions enclosed by the contour lines, using darker colors for regions
representing higher point densities (Figure
@ref(fig:blue-jays-contour-filled)).

(ref:blue-jays-contour) Head length versus body mass for 123 blue jays,
as in Figure @ref(fig:blue-jays-scatter). Each dot corresponds to one
bird, and the lines indicate regions of similar point density. The point
density increases towards the center of the plot, near a body mass of
75g and a head length between 55mm and 57.5mm. Data source: Keith
Tarvin, Oberlin College

(#fig:blue-jays-contour)(ref:blue-jays-contour)

(ref:blue-jays-contour-filled) Head length versus body mass for 123 blue
jays. This figure is nearly identical to Figure
@ref(fig:blue-jays-scatter), but now the areas enclosed by the contour
lines are shaded with increasingly darker shades of gray. This shading
creates a stronger visual impression of increasing point density towards
the center of the point cloud. Data source: Keith Tarvin, Oberlin
College

(#fig:blue-jays-contour-filled)(ref:blue-jays-contour-filled)

In Chapter @ref(visualizing-associations), we also looked at the
relationship between head length and body mass separately for male and
female birds (Figure @ref(fig:blue-jays-scatter-sex)). We can do the
same with contour lines, by drawing separately colored contour lines for
male and female birds (Figure @ref(fig:blue-jays-contour-by-sex)).

(ref:blue-jays-contour-by-sex) Head length versus body mass for 123 blue
jays. As in Figure @ref(fig:blue-jays-scatter-sex), we can also indicate
the birds' sex by color when drawing contour lines. This figure
highlights how the point distribution is different for male and female
birds. In particular, male birds are more densely clustered in one
region of the plot area whereas female birds are more spread out. Data
source: Keith Tarvin, Oberlin College

(#fig:blue-jays-contour-by-sex)(ref:blue-jays-contour-by-sex)

Drawing multiple sets of contour lines in different colors can be a
powerful strategy for showing the distributions of several point clouds
at once. However, this technique needs to be employed with care. It only
works when the number of groups with distinct colors is small (two to
three) and the groups are clearly separated. Otherwise, we may end up
with a hairball of differently colored lines all crisscrossing each
other and not showing any particular pattern at all.

To illustrate this potential problem, I will employ the diamonds
dataset, which contains information for 53,940 diamonds, including their
price, weight (carat), and cut. Figure @ref(fig:diamonds-points) shows
this dataset as a scatter plot. We see clear problems with overplotting.
There are so many different-colored points on top of one another that it
is impossible to discern anything beyond the overall broad outline of
where diamonds fall on the price--carat spectrum.

(ref:diamonds-points) Price of diamonds versus their carat value, for
53,940 individual diamonds. Each diamond's cut is indicated by color.
The plot is labeled as "bad" because the extensive overplotting makes it
impossible to discern any patterns among the different diamond cuts.
Data source: Hadley Wickham, ggplot2

(#fig:diamonds-points)(ref:diamonds-points)

We could try to draw colored contour lines for the different qualities
of cut, as in Figure @ref(fig:blue-jays-contour-by-sex). However, in the
diamonds dataset, we have five distinct colors and the groups strongly
overlap. Therefore, the contour plot (Figure
@ref(fig:diamonds-contour-colors)) is not much better than the original
scatter plot (Figure @ref(fig:diamonds-points)).

(ref:diamonds-contour-colors) Price of diamonds versus their carat
value. As Figure @ref(fig:diamonds-points), but now individual points
have been replaced by contour lines. The resulting plot is still labeled
"bad", because the contour lines all lie on top of each other. Neither
the point distribution for individual cuts nor the overall point
distribution can be discerned. Data source: Hadley Wickham, ggplot2

(#fig:diamonds-contour-colors)(ref:diamonds-contour-colors)

What helps here is to draw the contour lines for each cut quality in its
own plot panel (Figure @ref(fig:diamonds-contour-facets)). The purpose
of drawing them all in one panel might be to enable visual comparison
between the groups, but Figure @ref(fig:diamonds-contour-colors) is so
busy that a comparison isn't possible. Instead, in Figure
@ref(fig:diamonds-contour-facets), the background grid enables us to
make comparisons across cut qualities, by paying attention to where
exactly the contour lines fall relative to the grid lines. (A similar
effect could have been achieved by plotting partially transparent
individual points instead of contour lines in each panel.)

(ref:diamonds-contour-facets) Price of diamonds versus their carat
value. Here, we have taken the density contours from Figure
@ref(fig:diamonds-contour-colors) and drawn them separately for each
cut. We can now see that better cuts (very good, premium, ideal) tend to
have lower carat values than the poorer cuts (fair, good) but command a
higher price per carat. Data source: Hadley Wickham, ggplot2

(#fig:diamonds-contour-facets)(ref:diamonds-contour-facets)

We can make out two main trends. First, the better cuts (very good,
premium, ideal) tend to have lower carat values than the poorer cuts
(fair, good). Recall that carat is a measure of diamond weight (1 carat
= 0.2 gram). Better cuts tend to result (on average) in lighter diamonds
because more material needs to be removed to create them. Second, at the
same carat value, better cuts tend to command higher prices. To see this
pattern, look for example at the price distribution for 0.5 carat. The
distribution is shifted upwards for better cuts, and in particular it is
substantially higher for diamonds with ideal cut than for diamonds with
fair or good cut.
