....
## Warning: package 'dplyr' was built under R version 3.5.2
....

[[telling-a-story]]
Telling a story and making a point
----------------------------------

Most data visualization is done for the purpose of communication. We
have an insight about a dataset, and we have a potential audience, and
we would like to convey our insight to our audience. To communicate our
insight successfully, we will have to present the audience with a clear
and exciting story. The need for a story may seem disturbing to
scientists and engineers, who may equate it with making things up,
putting a spin on things, or overselling results. However, this
perspective misses the important role that stories play in reasoning and
memory. We get excited when we hear a good story, and we get bored when
the story is bad or when there is none. Moreover, any communication
creates a story in the audience's minds. If we don't provide a clear
story ourselves, then our audience will make one up. In the best-case
scenario, the story they make up is reasonably close to our own view of
the material presented. However, it can be and often is much worse. The
made-up story could be "this is boring," "the author is wrong," or "the
author is incompetent."

Your goal in telling a story should be to use facts and logical
reasoning to get your audience interested and excited. Let me tell you a
story about the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking. He was diagnosed
with motor neuron disease at age 21---one year into his PhD---and was
given two years to live. Hawking did not accept this predicament and
started pouring all his energy into doing science. Hawking ended up
living to be 76, became one of the most influential physicists of his
time, and did all of his seminal work while being severely disabled. I'd
argue that this is a compelling story. It's also entirely fact-based and
true.

[[what-is-a-story]]
What is a story?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Before we can discuss strategies for turning visualizations into
stories, we need to understand what a story actually is. A story is a
set of observations, facts, or events, true or invented, that are
presented in a specific order such that they create an emotional
reaction in the audience. The emotional reaction is created through the
build-up of tension at the beginning of the story followed by some type
of resolution towards the end of the story. We refer to the flow from
tension to resolution also as the story arc, and every good story has a
clear, identifiable arc.

Experienced writers know that there are standard patterns for
storytelling that resonate with how humans think. For example, we can
tell a story using the Opening--Challenge--Action--Resolution format. In
fact, this is the format I used for the Hawking story in the previous
subsection. I opened the story by introducing the topic, the physicist
Stephen Hawking. Next I presented the challenge, the diagnosis of motor
neuron disease at age 21. Then came the action, his fierce dedication to
science. Finally I presented the resolution, that Hawking led a long and
successful life and ended up becoming one of the most influential
physicists of his time. Other story formats are also commonly used.
Newspaper articles frequently follow the Lead--Development--Resolution
format or, even shorter, just Lead--Development, where the lead gives
away the main point up front and the subsequent material provides
further details. If we wanted to tell the Hawking story in this format,
we might start out with a sentence such as "The influential physicist
Stephen Hawking, who revolutionized our understanding of black holes and
of cosmology, outlived his doctors' prognosis by 53 years and did all of
his most influential work while being severely disabled." This is the
lead. In the development, we could follow up with a more in-depth
description of Hawking's life, illness, and devotion to science. Yet
another format is Action--Background--Development--Climax--Ending, which
develops the story a little more rapidly than
Opening--Challenge--Action--Resolution but not as rapidly as
Lead--Development. In this format, we might open with a sentence such as
"The young Stephen Hawking, facing a debilitating disability and the
prospect of an early death, decided to pour all his efforts into his
science, determined to make his mark while he still could." The purpose
of this format is to draw in the audience and to create an emotional
connection early on, but without immediately giving away the final
resolution.

My goal in this chapter is not to describe these standard forms of story
telling in more detail. There are excellent resources that cover this
material. For scientists and analysts, I particularly recommend
@Schimel2011. Instead, I want to discuss how we can bring data
visualizations into the story arc. Most importantly, we need to realize
that a single (static) visualization will rarely tell an entire story. A
visualization may illustrate the opening, the challenge, the action, or
the resolution, but it is unlikely to convey all these parts of the
story at once. To tell a complete story, we will usually need multiple
visualizations. For example, when giving a presentation, we may first
show some background or motivational material, then a figure that
creates a challenge, and eventually some other figure that provides the
resolution. Likewise, in a research paper, we may present a sequence of
figures that jointly create a convincing story arc. It is, however, also
possible to condense an entire story arc into a single figure. Such a
figure must contain a challenge and a resolution at the same time, and
it is comparable to a story arc that starts with a lead.

To provide a concrete example of incorporating figures into stories, I
will now tell a story on the basis of two figures. The first creates the
challenge and the second serves as the resolution. The context of my
story is the growth of preprints in the biological sciences (see also
Chapter @ref(time-series)). Preprints are manuscripts in draft form that
scientists share with their colleagues before formal peer review and
official publication. Scientists have been sharing manuscript drafts for
as long as scientific manuscripts have existed. However, in the early
1990s, with the advent of the internet, physicists realized that it was
much more efficient to store and distribute manuscript drafts in a
central repository. They invented the preprint server, a web server
where scientists can upload, download, and search for manuscript drafts.

The preprint server physicists developed and still use today is called
arXiv.org. Shortly after it was established, arXiv.org started to branch
out and become popular in related quantitative fields, including
mathematics, astronomy, computer science, statistics, quantitative
finance, and quantitative biology. Here, I am interested in the preprint
submissions to the quantitative biology (q-bio) section of arXiv.org.
The number of submissions per month grew exponentially from 2007 to late
2013, but then the growth suddenly stopped (Figure
@ref(fig:q-bio-monthly-growth)). Something must have happened in late
2013 that radically changed the landscape in preprint submissions for
quantitative biology. What caused this drastic change in submission
growth?

(ref:q-bio-monthly-growth) Growth in monthly submissions to the
quantitative biology (q-bio) section of the preprint server arXiv.org. A
sharp transition in the rate of growth can be seen around 2014. While
growth was rapid up to 2014, almost no growth occurred from 2014 to
2018. Note that the _y_ axis is logarithmic, so a linear increase in _y_
corresponds to exponential growth in preprint submissions. Data source:
Jordan Anaya, http://www.prepubmed.org/

(#fig:q-bio-monthly-growth)(ref:q-bio-monthly-growth)

I will argue that late 2013 marks the point in time when preprints took
off in biology, and ironically this caused the q-bio archive to slow its
growth. In November 2013, the biology-specific preprint server bioRxiv
was launched by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (CSHL) Press. CSHL Press
is a publisher that is highly respected among biologists. The backing of
CSHL Press helped tremendously with the acceptance of preprints in
general and bioRxiv in particular among biologists. The same biologists
that would have been quite suspicious of arXiv.org were much more
comfortable with bioRxiv. As a result bioRxiv quickly gained acceptance
among biologists, to a degree that arXiv had never managed. In fact,
soon after its launch, bioRxiv started experiencing rapid, exponential
growth in monthly submissions, and the slowdown in q-bio submissions
exactly coincides with the start of this exponential growth in bioRxiv
(Figure @ref(fig:q-bio-bioRxiv-monthly-growth)). It appears to be the
case that many quantitative biologists who otherwise might have
deposited a preprint with q-bio decided to deposit it with bioRxiv
instead.

(ref:q-bio-bioRxiv-monthly-growth) The leveling off of submission growth
to q-bio coincided with the introduction of the bioRxiv server. Shown
are the growth in monthly submissions to the q-bio section of the
general-purpose preprint server arxiv.org and to the dedicated biology
preprint server bioRxiv. The bioRxiv server went live in November 2013,
and its submission rate has grown exponentially since. It seems likely
that many scientists who otherwise would have submitted preprints to
q-bio chose to submit to bioRxiv instead. Data source: Jordan Anaya,
http://www.prepubmed.org/

(#fig:q-bio-bioRxiv-monthly-growth)(ref:q-bio-bioRxiv-monthly-growth)

This is my story about preprints in biology. I purposefully told it with
two figures, even though the first (Figure
@ref(fig:q-bio-monthly-growth)) is fully contained within the second
(Figure @ref(fig:q-bio-bioRxiv-monthly-growth)). I think this story has
the strongest impact when broken into two pieces, and this is how I
would present it in a talk. However, Figure
@ref(fig:q-bio-bioRxiv-monthly-growth) alone can be used to tell the
entire story, and the single-figure version might be more suitable to a
medium where the audience can be expected to have short attention span,
such as in a social media post.

[[make-a-figure-for-the-generals]]
Make a figure for the generals
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For the remainder of this chapter, I will discuss strategies for making
individual figures and sets of figures that help your audience to
connect with your story and remain engaged throughout your entire story
arc. First, and most importantly, you need to show your audience figures
they can actually understand. It is entirely possible to follow all the
recommendations I have provided throughout this book and still prepare
figures that confuse. When this happens, you may have fallen victim to
two common misconceptions; first, that the audience can see your figures
and immediately infer the points you are trying to make; second, that
the audience can rapidly process complex visualizations and understand
the key trends and relationships that are shown. Neither of these
assumptions is true. We need to do everything we can to help our readers
understand the meaning of our visualizations and see the same patterns
in the data that we see. This usually means less is more. Simplify your
figures as much as possible. Remove all features that are tangential to
your story. Only the important points should remain. I refer to this
concept as "making a figure for the generals."

For several years, I was in charge of a large research project funded by
the U.S. Army. For our annual progress reports, I was instructed by the
program managers to not include a lot of figures. And any figure I did
include should show very clearly how our project was succeeding. A
general, the program managers told me, should be able to look at each
figure and immediately see how what we were doing was improving upon or
exceeding prior capabilities. Yet when my colleagues who were part of
this project sent me figures for the annual progress report, many of the
figures did not meet this criterion. The figures usually were overly
complex, were labeled in confusing, technical terms, or did not make any
obvious point at all. Most scientists are not trained to make figures
for the generals.

Never assume your audience can rapidly process complex visual displays.

Some might hear this story and conclude that the generals are not very
smart or just not that into science. I think that's exactly the wrong
take-home message. The generals are simply very busy. They can't spend
30 minutes trying to decipher a cryptic figure. When they give millions
of dollars of taxpayer funds to scientists to do basic research, the
least they can expect in return is a handful of clear demonstrations
that something worthwhile and interesting was accomplished. This story
should also not be misconstrued as being about military funding in
particular. The generals are a metaphor for anybody you may want to
reach with your visualization. It can be a scientific reviewer for your
paper or grant proposal, it can be a newspaper editor, or it can be your
supervisor or your supervisor's boss at the company you're working. If
you want your story to come across, you need to make figures that are
appropriate for all these generals.

The first thing that will get in the way of making a figure for the
generals is, ironically, the ease with which modern visualization
software allows us to make sophisticated data visualizations. With
nearly limitless power of visualization, it becomes tempting to keep
piling on more dimensions of data. And in fact, I see a trend in the
world of data visualization to make the most complex, multi-faceted
visualizations possible. These visualizations may look very impressive,
but they are unlikely to convey a clear story. Consider Figure
@ref(fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance), which shows the arrival delays for
all flights departing out of the New York City area in 2013. I suspect
it will take you a while to process this figure.

(ref:arrival-delay-vs-distance) Mean arrival delay versus distance from
New York City. Each point represents one destination, and the size of
each point represents the number of flights from one of the three major
New York City airports (Newark, JFK, or LaGuardia) to that destination
in 2013. Negative delays imply that the flight arrived early. Solid
lines represent the mean trends between arrival delay and distance.
Delta has consistently lower arrival delays than other airlines,
regardless of distance traveled. American has among the lowest delays,
on average, for short distances, but has among the highest delays for
longer distances traveled. This figure is labeled as "bad" because it is
overly complex. Most readers will find it confusing and will not
intuitively grasp what it is the figure is showing. Data source: U.S.
Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance)(ref:arrival-delay-vs-distance)

I think the most important feature of Figure
@ref(fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance) is that American and Delta have the
shortest arrival delays. This insight is much better conveyed in a
simple bar graph (Figure @ref(fig:mean-arrival-delay-nyc)). Therefore,
Figure @ref(fig:mean-arrival-delay-nyc) is the correct figure to show if
the story is about arrival delays of airlines, even if making that graph
doesn't challenge your data visualization skills. And if you're then
wondering whether these airlines have small delays because they don't
fly that much out of New York City, you could present a second bar graph
highlighting that both American and Delta are major carriers in the New
York City area (Figure @ref(fig:number-of-flights-nyc)). Both of these
two bar graphs discard the distance variable shown in Figure
@ref(fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance). This is Ok. We don't need to
visualize data dimensions that are tangential to our story, even if we
have them and even if we could make a figure that showed them. Simple
and clear is better than complex and confusing.

(ref:mean-arrival-delay-nyc) Mean arrival delay for flights out of the
New York City area in 2013, by airline. American and Delta have the
lowest mean arrival delays of all airlines flying out of the New York
City area. Data source: U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of
Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:mean-arrival-delay-nyc)(ref:mean-arrival-delay-nyc)

(ref:number-of-flights-nyc) Number of flights out of the New York City
area in 2013, by airline. Delta and American are fourth and fifths
largest carrier by flights out of the New York City area. Data source:
U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:number-of-flights-nyc)(ref:number-of-flights-nyc)

When you're trying to show too much data at once you may end up not
showing anything.

[[build-up-towards-complex-figures]]
Build up towards complex figures
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sometimes, however, we do want to show more complex figures that contain
a large amount of information at once. In those cases, we can make
things easier for our readers if we first show them a simplified version
of the figure before we show the final one in its full complexity. The
same approach is also highly recommended for presentations. Never jump
straight to a highly complex figure; first show an easily digestible
subset.

This recommendation is particularly relevant if the final figure is a
small multiples plot (Chapter @ref(multi-panel-figures)) showing a grid
of subplots with similar structure. The full grid is much easier to
digest if the audience has first seen a single subplot by itself. For
example, Figure @ref(fig:united-departures-weekdays) shows the aggregate
numbers of United Airlines departures out of Newark Airport (EWR) in
2013, broken down by weekday. Once we have seen and digested this
figure, seeing the same information for ten airlines and three airports
at once is much easier to process (Figure
@ref(fig:all-departures-weekdays)).

(ref:united-departures-weekdays) United Airlines departures out of
Newark Airport (EWR) in 2013, by weekday. Most weekdays show
approximately the same number of departures, but there are fewer
departures on weekends. Data source: U.S. Dept. of Transportation,
Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:united-departures-weekdays)(ref:united-departures-weekdays)

(ref:all-departures-weekdays) Departures out of airports in the New York
city area in 2013, broken down by airline, airport, and weekday. United
Airlines and ExpressJet make up most of the departures out of Newark
Airport (EWR), JetBlue, Delta, American, and Endeavor make up most of
the departures out of JFK, and Delta, American, Envoy, and US Airways
make up most of the departures out of LaGuardia (LGA). Most but not all
airlines have fewer departures on weekends than during the work week.
Data source: U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of Transportation
Statistics.

(#fig:all-departures-weekdays)(ref:all-departures-weekdays)

[[make-your-figures-memorable]]
Make your figures memorable
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Simple and clean figures such as simple bar plots have the advantage
that they avoid distractions, are easy to read, and let your audience
focus on the most important points you want to bring across. However,
the simplicity can come with a disadvantage: Figures can end up looking
generic. They don't have any features that stand out and make them
memorable. If I showed you ten bargraphs in quick succession you'd have
a hard time keeping them apart and afterwards remembering what they
showed. For example, if you take a quick look at Figure
@ref(fig:petownership-bar), you will notice the visual similarity to
Figure @ref(fig:number-of-flights-nyc), which I discussed earlier in
this chapter. However, the two figures have nothing in common other than
they are bar charts. Figure @ref(fig:number-of-flights-nyc) showed the
number of flights out of the New York City area by airline, whereas
Figure @ref(fig:petownership-bar) shows the most popular pets in U.S.
households. Neither figure has any element that helps you intuitively
perceive what topic the figure covers, and therefore neither figure is
particularly memorable.

(ref:petownership-bar) Number of households having one or more of the
most popular pets: dogs, cats, fish, or birds. This bar graph is
perfectly clear but not necessarily particularly memorable. The "cats"
column has been highlighted solely to create visual similarity with
Figure @ref(fig:number-of-flights-nyc). Data source: 2012 U.S. Pet
Ownership & Demographics Sourcebook, American Veterinary Medical
Association

(#fig:petownership-bar)(ref:petownership-bar)

Research on human perception shows that more visually complex and unique
figures are more memorable [@Bateman_et_al_2010; @Borgo_et_al_2012].
However, visual uniqueness and complexity do not just affect
memorability, as they may hinder a person's ability to get a quick
overview of the information or make it difficult to distinguish small
differences in values. At the extreme, a figure could be highly
memorable but utterly confusing. Such a figure would not be a good data
visualization, even if it works well as a stunning piece of art. At the
other extreme, figures may be very clear but forgettable and boring, and
those figures may not have the impact we might hope for either. In
general, we want to strike a balance between the two extremes and make
our figures both memorable and clear. (The intended audience matters as
well, however. If a figure is intended for a technical scientific
publication, we will generally worry less about memorability than if the
figure is intended for a broadly read newspaper or blog.)

We can make a figure more memorable by adding visual elements that
reflect features of the data, for example drawings or pictograms of the
things or objects that the dataset is about. One approach that is
commonly taken is to show the data values itself in the form of repeated
images, such that each copy of an image corresponds to a defined amount
of the represented variable. For example, we can replace the bars in
Figure @ref(fig:petownership-bar) with repeated images of a dog, a cat,
a fish, and a bird, drawn to a scale such that each complete animal
corresponds to five million housholds (Figure
@ref(fig:petownership-isotype)). Thus, visually, Figure
@ref(fig:petownership-isotype) still functions as a bar plot, but we now
have added some visual complexity that makes the figure more memorable,
and we have also shown the data using images that directly reflect what
the data mean. After only a quick glance at the figure, you may be able
to remember that there were many more dogs and cats than fish or birds.
Importantly, in such visualizations, we want to use the images to
represent the data, rather than using images simply to adorn the
visualization or to annotate the axes. In psychological experiments, the
latter choices tend to be distracting rather than helpful
[@Haroz_et_al_2015].

(ref:petownership-isotype) Number of households having one or more of
the most popular pets, shown as an isotype graph. Each complete animal
represents 5 million households who have that kind of pet. Data source:
2012 U.S. Pet Ownership & Demographics Sourcebook, American Veterinary
Medical Association

(#fig:petownership-isotype)(ref:petownership-isotype)

Visualizations such as Figure @ref(fig:petownership-isotype) are often
called isotype plots. The word isotype was introduced as an acronym of
International System Of TYpographic Picture Education, and strictly
speaking it refers to logo-like simplified pictograms that represent
objects, animals, plants, or people [@Haroz_et_al_2015]. However, I
think it makes sense to use the term isotype plot more broadly to apply
to any type of visualization where repeated copies of the same image are
used to indicate the magnitude of a value. After all, the prefix "iso"
means "the same" and "type" can mean a particular kind, class, or group.

[[be-consistent-but-dont-be-repetitive]]
Be consistent but don't be repetitive
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When discussing compound figures in Chapter @ref(compound-figures), I
mentioned that it is important to use a consistent visual language for
the different parts of a larger figure. The same is true across figures.
If we make three figures that are all part of one larger story, then we
need to design those figures so they look like they belong together.
Using a consistent visual language does not mean, however, that
everything should look exactly the same. On the contrary. It is
important that figures describing different analyses look visually
distinct, so that your audience can easily recognize where one analysis
ends and another one starts. This is best achieved by using different
visualization approaches for different parts of the overarching story.
If you have used a bar plot already, next use a scatterplot, or a
boxplot, or a line plot. Otherwise, the different analyses will blur
together in your audience's mind, and they will have a hard time
distinguishing one part of the story from another. For example, if we
re-design Figure @ref(fig:athletes-composite-good) from Chapter
@ref(compound-figures) so it uses only bar plots, the result is
noticeable less distinct and more confusing (Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-repetitive)).

(ref:athletes-composite-repetitive) Physiology and body-composition of
male and female athletes. Error bars indicate the standard error of the
mean. This figure is overly repetitive. It shows the same data as Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-good) and it uses a consistent visual
language, but all sub-figures use the same type of visualization (bar
plot). This makes it difficult for the reader to process that parts (a),
(b), and (c) show entirely different results. Data source:
@Telford-Cunningham-1991

(#fig:athletes-composite-repetitive)(ref:athletes-composite-repetitive)

When preparing a presentation or report, aim to use a different type of
visualization for each distinct analysis.

Sets of repetitive figures are often a consequence of multi-part stories
where each part is based on the same type of raw data. In those
scenarios, it can be tempting to use the same type of visualization for
each part. However, in aggregate, these figures will not hold the
audience's attention. As an example, let's consider a story about the
Facebook stock, in two parts: (i) the Facebook stock price has increased
rapidly from 2012 to 2017; (ii) the price increase has outpaced that of
other large tech companies. You might want to visualize these two
statements with two figures showing stock price over time, as
demonstrated in Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-repetitive). However, while
Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-repetitive)a serves a clear purpose and
should remain as is, Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-repetitive)b is at the
same time repetitive and obscures the main point. We don't particularly
care about the exact temporal evolution of the stock price of Alphabet,
Apple, and Microsoft, we just want to highlight that it grew less than
the stock price of Facebook.

(ref:tech-stocks-repetitive) Growth of Facebook stock price over a
five-year interval and comparison with other tech stocks. (a) The
Facebook stock price rose from around $25/share in mid-2012 to
$150/share in mid-2017. (b) The prices of other large tech companies did
not rise comparably over the same time period. Prices have been indexed
to 100 on June 1, 2012 to allow for easy comparison. This figure is
labeled as "ugly" because parts (a) and (b) are repetitive. Data source:
Yahoo Finance

(#fig:tech-stocks-repetitive)(ref:tech-stocks-repetitive)

I would recommend to leave part (a) as is but replace part (b) with a
bar plot showing percent increase (Figure
@ref(fig:tech-stocks-diverse)). Now we have two distinct figures that
each make a unique, clear point and that work well in combination. Part
(a) allows the reader to get familiar with the raw, underlying data and
part (b) highlights the magnitude of the effect while removing any
tangential information.

(ref:tech-stocks-diverse) Growth of Facebook stock price over a
five-year interval and comparison with other tech stocks. (a) The
Facebook stock price rose from around $25/share in mid-2012 to
$150/share in mid-2017, an increase of almost 450%. (b) The prices of
other large tech companies did not rise comparably over the same time
period. Price increases ranged from 90% to 240%. Data source: Yahoo
Finance

(#fig:tech-stocks-diverse)(ref:tech-stocks-diverse)

Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-diverse) highlights a general principle that
I follow when preparing sets of figures to tell a story: I start with a
figure that is as close as possible to showing the raw data, and in
subsequent figures I show increasingly more derived quantities. Derived
quantities (such as percent increases, averages, coefficients of fitted
models, and so on) are useful to summarize key trends in large and
complex datasets. However, because they are derived they are less
intuitive, and if we show a derived quantity before we have shown the
raw data our audience will find it difficult to follow. On the flip
side, if we try to show all trends by showing raw data we will end up
needing too many figures and/or being repetitive.

How many figures you should you use to tell your story? The answer
depends on the publication venue. For a short blog post or tweet, make
one figure. For scientific papers, I recommend between three and six
figures. If I have many more than six figures for a scientific paper,
then some of them need to be moved into an appendix or supplementary
materials section. It is good to document all the evidence we have
collected, but we must not wear out our audience by presenting excessive
numbers of mostly similar-looking figures. In other contexts, a larger
number of figures may be appropriate. However, in those contexts, we
will usually be telling multiple stories, or an overarching story with
subplots. For example, if I am asked to give an hour-long scientific
presentation, I usually aim to tell three distinct stories. Similarly, a
book or thesis will contain more than one story, and in fact may contain
one story per chapter or section. In those scenarios, each distinct
story-line or subplot should be presented with no more than three to six
figures. In this book, you will find that I follow this principle at the
level of sections within chapter. Each section is approximately
self-contained and will typically show no more than six figures.
