[[background-grids]]
Background grids
----------------

With the rising popularity of the R package ggplot2, which uses a gray
background grid as default, graphs with this style have become
widespread. With apologies to ggplot2 author Hadley Wickham, for whom I
have the utmost respect, I don’t find this style particularly
attractive. In general, I find that the gray background detracts from
the actual data. As an example, consider Figure
@ref(fig:price-plot-ggplot-default), which shows the stock price of four
major tech companies, indexed to their value in June 2012. The grid is
too busy, and the gray background in the legend is distracting.

(ref:price-plot-ggplot-default) Stock price over time for four major
tech companies. The stock price for each company has been normalized to
equal 100 in June 2012.

(#fig:price-plot-ggplot-default)(ref:price-plot-ggplot-default)

We could try to remove the grid altogether, but I think that is a worse
option (Figure @ref(fig:price-plot-no-grid)). Now the curves seem to
just float in space, and it’s difficult to see where they go. In
addition, since all prices are indexed to 100 in June 2012, at a minimum
this value should be marked in the plot. Thus, one option would be to
add a thin horizontal line at _y_ = 100 (Figure
@ref(fig:price-plot-refline)).

(ref:price-plot-no-grid) Indexed stock price over time for four major
tech companies.

(#fig:price-plot-no-grid)(ref:price-plot-no-grid)

(ref:price-plot-refline) Indexed stock price over time for four major
tech companies.

(#fig:price-plot-refline)(ref:price-plot-refline)

Alternatively, we can use just a minimal grid. In particular, for a plot
where we are primarily interested in the change in _y_ values, vertical
grid lines are not needed. Moreover, grid lines positioned at only the
major axis ticks will often be sufficient. And, the axis line can be
omitted or made very thin (Figure @ref(fig:price-plot-hgrid)).

(ref:price-plot-hgrid) Indexed stock price over time for four major tech
companies.

(#fig:price-plot-hgrid)(ref:price-plot-hgrid)

For such a minimal grid, we generally draw the lines orthogonally to
direction along which the numbers of interest vary. Therefore, if
instead of plotting the stock price over time we plot the five-year
increase, as horizontal bars, then we will want to use vertical lines
instead (Figure @ref(fig:price-increase)).

(ref:price-increase) Percent increase in stock price from June 2012 to
June 2017, for four major tech companies.

(#fig:price-increase)(ref:price-increase)

Grid lines that run perpendicular to the key variable of interest tend
to be the most useful.

Background grids along both axis directions can make sense, however, for
scatter plots where there is no primary axis of interest. This
presentation frequently looks best without axis lines. Figure
@ref(fig:Aus-athletes-grid) provides an example.

(ref:Aus-athletes-grid) Percent bodyfat versus height in professional
male Australian athletes. (Each point represents one athlete.)

(#fig:Aus-athletes-grid)(ref:Aus-athletes-grid)

For figures where the relevant comparison is the _x_ = _y_ line, I
prefer to draw a diagonal line rather than a grid. For example, consider
Figure @ref(fig:echave-et-al), which compares two sets of correlations
for 209 protein structures. By drawing the diagonal line, we can see
immediately which correlations are systematically stronger. The same
observation is much harder to make when the figure has a background grid
instead (Figure @ref(fig:echave-et-al-grid)). Thus, even though Figure
@ref(fig:echave-et-al-grid) looks pleasing, I label it as bad.

(ref:echave-et-al) Correlations between evolutionary conservation and
structural features of sites in 209 proteins. Along the _y_ axis, we
plot the correlation between evolutonary conservation (measured as
evolutionary rate) at individual sites in a protein and the relative
solvent accessibility (RSA) of those sites in the protein structure.
Along the _x_ axis, we plot the correlation between rate and weighted
contact number (WCN), a measure for the density of contacts of a site in
the protein structure. Each point represents one protein. We see that
evolutionary conservation and structural features are highly correlated
in some proteins and not very much in others. We also see that WCN, on
average, yields somewhat stronger correlations than RSA does. Adapted
from @Echave-et-al-2016.

(#fig:echave-et-al)(ref:echave-et-al)

(ref:echave-et-al-grid) Correlations between evolutionary conservation
and structural features of sites in 209 proteins. By plotting this
dataset against a background grid, the systematic shift of all points
away from the _x_ = _y_ line is obscured.

(#fig:echave-et-al-grid)(ref:echave-et-al-grid)

In summary, there is no simple choice of background grid that always
works. I encourage you to think carefully about which specific grid or
guidelines are most informative for the plot you are making, and to only
show those. In general, less is more. Too many or overly thick and dark
grid lines can distract your reader’s attention away from the data you
want to show.
