[[telling-a-story]]
Telling a story with data
-------------------------

Most data visualization is done for the purpose of communication. We
have an insight about a dataset, and we have a potential audience, and
we want to convey our insights to our audience. To communicate our
insights successfully, we will have to present the audience with a clear
and exciting story. The need for a story may seem disturbing to
scientists and engineers, who may equate it with making things up,
putting a spin on things, or overselling results. However, this
perspective misses a fundamental truth about how human cognition works:
All our thinking is based on stories. We get excited when we hear a good
story, and we get bored when the story is bad or when there is none.
Moreover, any communication creates a story in the audience’s minds. If
we don’t provide a clear story ourselves, then our audience will make
one up. In the best-case scenario, the story they make up is reasonably
close to our own view of the material presented. However, it can be and
often is much worse. The made-up story could be ``this is boring,''
``the author is wrong,'' or ``the author is incompetent.''

Your goal in telling a story with data should be to use facts and data
to get your audience interested and excited. Let me tell you a story
about the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking. He was diagnosed with
motor neuron disease at age 21—one year into his PhD—and was given two
years to live. Hawking did not accept this predicament and started
pouring all his energy into doing science. Hawking ended up living to be
76, became one of the most influential physicists of his time, and did
all of his seminal work while being severely disabled. I’d argue that
this is a compelling story. It’s also entirely true.

Good stories tend to be structured according to standard patterns that
resonate with human cognition. For example, the Hawking story of the
preceding paragraph follows the Opening–Challenge–Action–Resolution
structure. My goal in this chapter is not to describe these standard
forms of story telling. There are excellent resources that cover this
material [see e.g. @Schimel2011]. Instead, I want to address a few
specific issues that tend to arise when we try to tell a story with data
visualizations. I have four specific recommendations: (i) prepare
figures that make simple and clear points, (ii) build up from simpler to
more complex visualizations, (iii) use a consistent visual language, and
(iv) don’t be repetitive.

[[make-a-figure-for-the-generals]]
Make a figure for the generals
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Throughout the preceding chapters, I have discussed numerous dos and
don’ts of data visualization. Even if you follow all of them, however,
you might still prepare a figure that confuses your audience. When this
happens, the underlying cause is likely one of two common
misconceptions, that the audience can extract the story from the data
presented and/or that the audience can rapidly process complex
visualizations and understand the key trends and relationships that are
shown. Neither of these misconceptions is true. We need to do everything
we can to help our readers understand the points we’re trying to make
and see the same patterns in the data that we see. This usually means
less is more. Simplify your figures as much as possible. Remove all
features that are tangential to your story. Only the important points
should remain. I refer to this concept as ``making a figure for the
generals.''

For several years, I was in charge of a large research project funded by
the U.S. Army. For our annual progress reports, I was instructed by the
program managers to not include a lot of figures. And any figure I did
include should show very clearly how our project was succeeding. A
general, the program mangers told me, should be able to look at each
figure and immediately see how what we were doing was improving upon or
exceeding prior capabilities. Yet when my colleagues who were part of
this project sent me figures for the annual progress report, many of the
figures did not meet this criterion. The figures usually were overly
complex, were labeled in confusing, technical terms, or did not make any
obvious point at all. Most scientists are not trained to make figures
for the generals.

Never assume your audience can rapidly process complex visual displays.

Some might hear this story and conclude that the generals are not very
smart or just not that into science. I think that’s exactly the wrong
take-home message. The generals are simply very busy. They can’t spend
30 minutes trying to decypher a cryptic figure. When they give millions
of dollars of taxpayer funds to scientists to do basic research, the
least they can expect in return is a handful of clear demonstrations
that something worthwhile and interesting was accomplished. This story
should also not be misconstrued as being about military funding in
particular. The generals are a metaphor for anybody you may want to
reach with your visualization. It can be a scientific reviewer for your
paper or grant proposal, it can be a newspaper editor, or it can be your
supervisor or your supervisor’s boss at the company you’re working. If
you want your story to come across, you need to make figures that are
appropriate for all these generals.

The first thing that will get in the way of making a figure for the
generals is, ironically, the ease with which modern visualization
software allows us to make sophisticated data visualizations. With
nearly limitless power of visualization, it becomes tempting to keep
piling on more dimensions of data. And in fact, I see a trend in the
world of data visualization to make the most complex, multi-faceted
visualizations possible. These visualizations may look very impressive,
but they are unlikely to convey a clear story. Consider Figure
@ref(fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance), which shows the arrival delays for
all flights departing out of the New York City area in 2013. I suspect
it will take you a while to process this figure.

(ref:arrival-delay-vs-distance) Mean arrival delay versus distance from
New York City. Each point represents one destination, and the size of
each point represents the number of flights from one of the three major
New York City airports (Newark, JFK, or LaGuardia) to that destination
in 2013. Negative delays imply that the flight arrived early. Solid
lines represent the mean trends between arrival delay and distance.
Delta has consistenly lower arrival delays than other airlines,
regardless of distance traveled. American has among the lowest delays,
on average, for short distances, but has among the highest delays for
longer distances traveled. This figure is labeled as bad because it is
overly complex. Most readers will find it confusing and will not
intuitively grasp what it is the figure is showing. Data source: U.S.
Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance)(ref:arrival-delay-vs-distance)

I think the most important feature of Figure
@ref(fig:arrival-delay-vs-distance) is that American and Delta have the
shortest arrival delays. This insight is much better conveyed in a
simple bar graph (Figure @ref(fig:mean-arrival-delay-nyc)). Therefore,
Figure @ref(fig:mean-arrival-delay-nyc) is the correct figure to show if
the story is about arrival delays of airlines, even if making that graph
doesn’t challenge your data visualization skills. And if you’re then
wondering whether these airlines have small delays because they don’t
fly that much out of New York City, you could present a second bar graph
highlighting that both American and Delta are major carriers in the New
York City area (Figure @ref(fig:number-of-flights-nyc)).

(ref:mean-arrival-delay-nyc) Mean arrival delay for flights out of the
New York City area in 2013, by airline. American and Delta have the
lowest mean arrival delays of all airlines flying out of the New York
City area. Data source: U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of
Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:mean-arrival-delay-nyc)(ref:mean-arrival-delay-nyc)

(ref:number-of-flights-nyc) Number of flights out of the New York City
area in 2013, by airline. Delta and American are fourth and fifths
largest carrier by flights out of the New York City area. Data source:
U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:number-of-flights-nyc)(ref:number-of-flights-nyc)

When you’re trying to show too much data at once you may end up not
showing anything.

[[build-up-towards-complex-figures]]
Build up towards complex figures
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sometimes, however, we do want to show more complex figures that contain
a large amount of information at once. In those cases, we can make
things easier for our readers if we first show them a simplfied version
of the figure before we show the final one in its full complexity. The
same approach is also highly recommended for presentations. Never jump
straight to a highly complex figure; first show an easily digestable
subset.

This recommendation is particularly relevant if the final figure is a
trellis plot showing a grid of subplots with similar structure. The full
grid is much easier to digest if the audience has first seen a single
subplot by itself. For example, Figure
@ref(fig:united-departures-weekdays) shows the aggregate numbers of
United Airlines departures out of Newark Airport (EWR) in 2013, broken
down by weekday. Once we have seen and digested this figure, seeing the
same information for ten airlines and three airports at once is much
easier to process (Figure @ref(fig:all-departures-weekdays)).

(ref:united-departures-weekdays) United Airlines departures out of
Newark Airport (EWR) in 2013, by weekday. Most weekedays show
approximately the same number of departures, but there are fewer
departures on weekends. Data source: U.S. Dept. of Transportation,
Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

(#fig:united-departures-weekdays)(ref:united-departures-weekdays)

(ref:all-departures-weekdays) Departures out of airports in the New York
city area in 2013, broken down by airline, airport, and weekday. United
Airlines and ExpressJet make up most of the departures out of Newark
Airport (EWR), JetBlue, Delta, American, and Endeavor make up most of
the departures out of JFK, and Delta, American, Envoy, and US Airways
make up most of the departures out of LaGuardia (LGA). Most but not all
airlines have fewer departures on weekends than during the work week.
Data source: U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Bureau of Transportation
Statistics.

(#fig:all-departures-weekdays)(ref:all-departures-weekdays)

[[use-a-consistent-visual-language]]
Use a consistent visual language
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When writing a report, scientific paper, or article, or when giving a
presentation, we will usually have multiple figures that jointly convey
the story. In this context, we need to think about how these figures fit
together. It is possible to make a set of figures that individually are
fine but jointly cause problems. In particular, we need to employ a
consistent visual language. By ``visual language'' I mean the colors,
symbols, fonts, and so on that we use to display the data. And keeping
the language consistent means, in a nutshell, that the same things look
the same or at least substantively similar across figures.

Let’s look at an example that violates this principle. Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-inconsistent) is a three-panel figure
visualizing a dataset about the physiology and body-composition of male
and female athletes. Part (a) shows the number of men and women in the
dataset, part (b) shows the counts of red and white blood cells for men
and women, and part (c) shows the body fat percentage of men and women,
broken down by sport. Each panel individually is an acceptable figure.
However, in combination the three panels do not work, because they don’t
share a common visual language. First, part (a) uses the same blue color
for both male and female athletes, part (b) uses it only for male
athletes, and part (c) uses it for female athletes. Moreover, parts (b)
and (c) introduce additional colors, but these colors differ between the
two parts. It would have been better to use the same two colors
consistently for male and female athletes, and to apply the same
coloring scheme to part (a) as well. Second, in parts (a) and (b) women
are on the left and men on the right, but in part (c) the order is
reversed. The order of the boxplots in part (c) should be switched so it
matches parts (a) and (b).

(ref:athletes-composite-inconsistent) Physiology and body-composition of
male and female athletes. (a) The data set encompasses 73 female and 85
male professional athletes. (b) Male athletes tend to have higher red
blood cell (RBC, reported in units of latexmath:[$10^{12}$] per liter)
counts than female athletes, but there are no such differences for white
blood cell counts (WBC, reported in units of latexmath:[$10^{9}$] per
liter). (c) Male athletes tend to have a lower body fat percentage than
female athletes performing in the same sport. Data source:
@Telford-Cunningham-1991

(#fig:athletes-composite-inconsistent)(ref:athletes-composite-inconsistent)

Figure @ref(fig:athletes-composite-good) fixes all these issues. In this
figure, female athletes are consistently shown in orange and to the left
of male athletes, who are shown in blue. Notice how much easier it is to
read this figure than Figure @ref(fig:athletes-composite-inconsistent).
When we use a consistent visual language, it doesn’t take much mental
effort to determine which visual elements in the different parts
represent women and which men. Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-inconsistent), on the other hand, can be
quite confusing. In particular, on first glance it may generate the
impression that men tend to have higher body fat percentages than women.
Notice also that we need only a single legend in Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-good) but needed two in Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-inconsistent). Since the visual language is
consistent, the same legend works for parts (b) and (c).

(ref:athletes-composite-good) Physiology and body-composition of male
and female athletes. This figure shows the exact same data as Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-inconsistent), but now using a consistent
visual language. Data for female athletes is always shown to the left of
the corresponding data for male athletes, and genders are consistently
color-coded throughout all elements of the figure. Data source:
@Telford-Cunningham-1991

(#fig:athletes-composite-good)(ref:athletes-composite-good)

[[dont-be-repetitive]]
Don’t be repetitive
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Using a consistent visual language does not mean, however, that
everything should look exactly the same. On the contrary. It is
important that figures describing different analyses look visually
distinct, so that your audience can easily recognize where one analysis
ends and another one starts. This is best achieved by using different
visualization approaches for different parts of the overarching story.
If you have used a bar plot already, next use a scatterplot, or a
boxplot, or a line plot. Otherwise, the different analyses will blur
together in your audience’s mind, and they will have a hard time
distinguishing one part of the story from another. For example, if we
re-design Figure @ref(fig:athletes-composite-good) so it uses only bar
plots, the result is noticeable less distinct and more confusing (Figre
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-repetitive)).

(ref:athletes-composite-repetitive) Physiology and body-composition of
male and female athletes. Error bars indicate the standard error of the
mean. This figure is overly repetitive. It shows the same data as Figure
@ref(fig:athletes-composite-good) and it uses a consistent visual
language, but all sub-figures use the same type of visualization (bar
plot). This makes it difficult for the reader to process that parts (a),
(b), and (c) show entirely different results. Data source:
@Telford-Cunningham-1991

(#fig:athletes-composite-repetitive)(ref:athletes-composite-repetitive)

When preparing a presentation or report, aim to use a different type of
visualization for each distinct analysis.

Sets of repetitive figures are often a consequence of multi-part stories
where each part is based on the same type of raw data. In those
scenarios, it can be tempting to use the same type of visualization for
each part. However, in aggregate, these figures will not hold the
audience’s attention. As an example, let’s consider a story about the
Facebook stock, in two parts: (i) the Facebook stock price has increased
rapidly from 2012 to 2017; (ii) the price increase has outpaced that of
other large tech companies. You might want to visualize these two
statements with two figures showing stock price over time, as
demonstrated in Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-repetitive). However, while
Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-repetitive)a serves a clear purpose and
should remain as is, Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-repetitive)b is at the
same time repetitive and obscures the main point. We don’t particularly
care about the exact temporal evolution of the stock price of Alphabet,
Apple, and Microsoft, we just want to highlight that it grew less than
the stock price of Facebook.

(ref:tech-stocks-repetitive) Growth of Facebook stock price over a
five-year interval and comparison with other tech stocks. (a) The
Facebook stock price rose from around $25/share in mid-2012 to
$150/share in mid-2017. (b) The prices of other large tech companies did
not rise comparably over the same time period. Prices have been indexed
to 100 on June 1, 2012 to allow for easy comparison. This figure is
labeled as bad because parts (a) and (b) are repetitive. Data source:
Google Finance

(#fig:tech-stocks-repetitive)(ref:tech-stocks-repetitive)

I would recommend to leave part (a) as is but replace part (b) with a
bar plot showing percent increase (Figure
@ref(fig:tech-stocks-diverse)). Now we have two distinct figures that
each tell a unique, clear story and that work well in combination. Part
(a) allows the reader to get familiar with the raw, underlying data and
part (b) highlights the magnitude of the effect while removing any
tangential information.

(ref:tech-stocks-diverse) Growth of Facebook stock price over a
five-year interval and comparison with other tech stocks. (a) The
Facebook stock price rose from around $25/share in mid-2012 to
$150/share in mid-2017, an increase of almost 450%. (b) The prices of
other large tech companies did not rise comparably over the same time
period. Price increases ranged from 90% to 240%. Data source: Google
Finance

(#fig:tech-stocks-diverse)(ref:tech-stocks-diverse)

Figure @ref(fig:tech-stocks-diverse) highlights a general principle that
I follow when preparing sets of figures to tell a story: I start with a
figure that is as close as possible to showing the raw data, and in
subsequent figures I show increasingly more derived quantities. Derived
quantities (such as percent increases, averages, coefficients of fitted
models, and so on) are useful to summarize key trends in large and
complex datasets. However, because they are derived they are less
intuitive, and if we show a derived quantity before we have shown the
raw data our audience will find it difficult to follow. On the flip
side, if we try to show all trends by showing raw data we will end up
needing too many figures and/or being repetitive.

How many figures you should you use to tell your story? The answer
depends on the publication venue. For a short blog post or tweet, make
one figure. For scientific papers, I recommend between three and six
figures. If I have many more than six figures for a scientific paper,
then some of them need to be moved into an appendix or supplementary
materials section. It is good to document all the evidence we have
collected, but we must not wear out our audience by presenting excessive
numbers of mostly similar-looking figures. In other contexts, a larger
number of figures may be appropriate. However, in those contexts, we
will usually be telling multiple stories, or an overarching story with
subplots. For example, if I am asked to give an hour-long scientific
presentation, I usually aim to tell three distinct stories. Similarly, a
book or thesis will contain more than one story, and in fact may contain
one story per chapter or section. In those scenarios, each distinct
story-line or subplot should be presented with no more than three to six
figures. In this book, you will find that I follow this principle at the
level of sections within chapter. Each section is approximately
self-contained and will typically show no more than six figures.
